docs: expand credits page description for SEO (#6056)
mintlify/docs: credits.mdx

---
title: "Credit pricing"

> description: "Understand how Mintlify credits work for AI assistant, agent runs, and workflows, plus how plan limits, overages, and rollovers are billed."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Understand how Mintlify credits work for assistant messages, agent runs, and workflows. How credit tiers, overages, and rollovers are billed."
```
